# Portfolio-Tessa-Jennen
16-2-2022
For this project my corpus is the composer Ludovico Einaudi and the albums he has made. When I was little, my mom used to play music from Ludovico Einaudi on the piano. I always loved to listen to them and when I started to play the piano myself I also wanted to play these pieces. I also listen to the recordings of Einaudi's music that are on his spotify account. I listen to them when I am happy, sad, studying, traveling, basically any and every time. You could say that Einaudi is one of my favorite componists. Einaudi started composing in the '80s and hasn't stopped ever since. It is safe to say that when someone is doing something for so long, they evolve and learn allong the ride. Einaudi made various albums all of which belong in the genre minimalism. I wonder if and what the difference is between these albums. Is his style changed? Are there subgenres that can be assigned to the various albums? I wil be using all of the albums and put them in a playlist togehter. If there are albums that have a normal version and a deluxe version, I wil be using the deluxe version. I won't look at remixes or live albums. It is very typical for Einaudi to create themes that are present through the musical piece. He also often adds strings to his pieces. It is atypical for him to use singing in his pieces, but it has been added for some pieces. 
After the feedback on my corpus, I have decided to look only at the "Seven days walking" albums which consists of 7 albums for each day of the week. Einaudi released these albums in 2019. I think is would be very interesting to see the differences between these albums, because they are from the same year and have the same theme, but are yet different from each other.

21-2-2022
I made a few graphs because I wasn't sure what I should put in the graphs.
The first graph, Rplot acousticness-speechiness-trackalbumname, compares the speechiness to the acousticness of the 7 albums from "seven days walking". The albums are each given a color. I you look closely, there is only one track from the day 1 album that has a speechiness above 0.1. Most of the tracks are underneath 0.0.75 speechiness and above 0.9 acousticness. The graph "Rplot energy-danceability-trackalbumname", is quite interesting because the tracks on all the albums very a lot in terms of energy and danceability. On a few points there are several tracks from one album almost in the same spot, but mostly all the tracks are everywhere on the graph. The next graph compares energy and tempo. Most of the tracks are in the same range; below 150 (tempo) and below 0.2 (energy). In the graph "energy-valence-trackalbumname" you can see that the overal of the albums isn't very positive in regarding to valence. Only two tracks are above 0.4 valence. The tracks are mostly between 0.0 en 0.2 energy. Interesting is that the two tracks above 0.4 valence are exactly at 0.0 tempo. In the last graph you can see that most trakcs are under 150 tempo, but are widely spread between 0.1 and 0.5 in danceability.

28-6-2022
I made a storyboard in rMarkdown as you can see in the two screenshots I added. I also used compmus to make two chromagrams. One with the Low Mist track from the albumm "Seven days Walking day 1" and one with the same Low Mist track and the Low Mist track from the "day 2" album. I haven't figured out how to include these chromagrams in the storyboard. The same is with the plots from last week. I did make a new Github page, but I couldn't connect it with my story board, so every advice is welcome. I put the link to my github page on here, because on the github.io page you can't see the screenshots. https://github.com/TessaJ1/Portfolio-Tessa-Jennen Hopefully everything is clear.
